The aristocrats fell. The floating eyes of divinity unleashed a pure ray of devastating energy that sliced the battlefield where it hit, disabling the siege weaponry in an instant.
The angels descended and impaled the nobles’ arrogant faces onto the tips of their tridents. The flaming chariots charged through castles and towns, burning everything in white flames.
The moving statues that eclipsed the sun brought the battles of mere mortals with each step. Some rebellious nobles had turned to our gates at the north, ever begging us for refuge.
The allies they sought outside our homeland dare not lend a single pittance of coin of aid, lest they provoke the angels.

King Artorias, draconic hero, champion of humans, and father of mine, had left yesterday for the calamity ahead.
Despite his great standing as a knight, when I saw Father’s face I knew he wasn’t going to war, but to plead and seek out answers and a resolution.
We have not heard a word from him since, not a single emissary nor message.

It is now midnight, yet the sky refuses to die down. Still, it's enveloped by a golden-red color, that which emanates from the angels’ temple.
From the distance I can make out more of those wretched colossal eyeballs in the air, staring in my direction. What has our kingdom done to the heavens?
More importantly, why is their crusade concentrated merely on our lands? As if the Dusk Palace’s gods had cursed us from the beginning. Beside me, my armaments lay ready.
We’ve sent an advance party to greet the winged men flying towards us. I’ve no doubt they are brave and loyal, as they have volunteered of their own will.
I couldn’t stop them from letting them run to the face of death.

[RESEARCH NOTES]
- King Artorias is referred to as an evil dragon in the Temple of Light's archives, when in actuality he is a dragonoid.
- No records of Einharts' draconic ancestors currently exist. Will have to look further.
- Prince Zephyr has observed higher angels. As their species is commonplace within the Light Realm, the angelic faction that was present cannot be confirmed.
- The angels' aim was to suppress the advancement of civilization in the past. It seems that Einhart Kingdom had been targeted. Cause for being targeted currently unknown.
RESEARCH PROPERTY OF DR. ELLIN. DECIPHERED BY DR. ELLIN.
980 CYSTRA, 9th Cycle, 21st Moon.