Year 1550 Astral Era, 10th Moon of the 6th Cycle,

	I leave this writing here, hoping to preserve who we are and what we fought for. To you reading this, I am High Prince Zephyr of the great Draconic Kingdom of Einhart.
This is proof of my people’s brilliance, hardship, loyalty towards Einhart, and our struggle towards that which masks itself in divinity.

	The bastards of the Dusk Palace have done it. At dawn, a ray of light that could entirely swallow those fanatics’ castles of worship descended.
A messenger, who has passed on in that forsaken place, witnessed the descension of their angel. A man with golden hair covered in white robes, and six pairs of wings on his back.
The Dusk Palace’s Pope, who spearheaded the summoning, had been executed by the angel on the spot, and it proclaimed its control of them. They must gone mad, to happily offer their lives to it.
The last words of my informant told of the divine crusade that would soon befall our kingdom within a day.

	Several rays of light a few scales smaller than the first burst forth in the Dusk Palace’s direction. Soon after, a colossal ghostly palace manifested atop where the Dusk Palace once stood.
From the remains that were torn asunder, came the first bastion of the angels; the Temple of Dawn. From the temple came legions of winged soldiers, flaming chariots,
giant floating eyes with feathered wings across their eyelids, and a massive white moving statue of a manticore.

	My and mine’s draconic knights had prepared, but the Aristocratic faction, useless and disloyal, had stuck their foul noses toward the scent of money and opportunity.
Those who dared to rebel in the name of the angels were slain, but before that, they caused terror within the capital’s walls. The nobles had separated, and some fools had seized control of the Arcane Batteries.
It does not matter. I am taking my men with me, with those loyal to me toward the northern territories. I expect the Aristocratic faction to be wiped out once tonight passes. Meanwhile, we will plan for a desperate defense.